## PlayerAuthInputPacket::InputData

<table><tr><th>Name</th><th>Index</th><th>Notes</th><tr><td>Ascend</td><td>0</td><td>Touch input for flying up, similar to WantUp </td></tr><tr><td>Descend</td><td>1</td><td>Touch input for flying down, similar to WantDown </td></tr><tr><td>NorthJump_DEPRECATED</td><td>2</td><td>Unused </td></tr><tr><td>JumpDown</td><td>3</td><td>If jump input is down. Doesn't necessarily mean the player is jumping. </td></tr><tr><td>SprintDown</td><td>4</td><td>If sprint input is down. Doesn't necessarily mean they want to start sprinting </td></tr><tr><td>ChangeHeight</td><td>5</td><td>Touch input for flying down </td></tr><tr><td>Jumping</td><td>6</td><td>If the jump input is down or auto jump, even in non-jump cases like flying or swimming </td></tr><tr><td>AutoJumpingInWater</td><td>7</td><td>If an auto jump is currently triggering while touching water. Can be ignored if handling Jumping properly </td></tr><tr><td>Sneaking</td><td>8</td><td>If the player is sneaking, which may be from input or because there's not enough space to stand </td></tr><tr><td>SneakDown</td><td>9</td><td>If the sneak input is down, which may not mean that they are sneaking depending on input permission and if they're crawling instead </td></tr><tr><td>Up</td><td>10</td><td>Local space up input. Equivalent to the move input Y being positive. </td></tr><tr><td>Down</td><td>11</td><td>Local space down input. Equivalent to the move input Y being negative. </td></tr><tr><td>Left</td><td>12</td><td>Local space left input. Equivalent to the move input X being negative. </td></tr><tr><td>Right</td><td>13</td><td>Local space right input. Equivalent to the move input X being positive. </td></tr><tr><td>UpLeft</td><td>14</td><td>Local space diagonal up and left. Equivalent to move input (-1, 1) normalized. </td></tr><tr><td>UpRight</td><td>15</td><td>Local space diagonal up and right. Equivalent to move input (1, 1) normalized. </td></tr><tr><td>WantUp</td><td>16</td><td>Flying upwards like holding spacebar, all input modes </td></tr><tr><td>WantDown</td><td>17</td><td>Flying downwards like holding shift, all input modes </td></tr><tr><td>WantDownSlow</td><td>18</td><td>Alternate flying downwards for gamepad </td></tr><tr><td>WantUpSlow</td><td>19</td><td>Alternate flying upwards for gamepad </td></tr><tr><td>Sprinting</td><td>20</td><td>If the client thinks they're sprinting. Changes to this come in as start and stop sprinting actions </td></tr><tr><td>AscendBlock</td><td>21</td><td>Touch-specific input for ascending scaffolding </td></tr><tr><td>DescendBlock</td><td>22</td><td>Touch-specific input for descending scaffolding </td></tr><tr><td>SneakToggleDown</td><td>23</td><td>Set while sneak toggle is being pressed for touch and gamepad. See Sneaking for the toggle state. </td></tr><tr><td>PersistSneak</td><td>24</td><td>Always true when using touch input </td></tr><tr><td>StartSprinting</td><td>25</td><td>Set when the player wants to start sprinting, like double tapping forward.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::SPRINTING and an UpdateAttributesPacket to apply the sprint boost.</td></tr><tr><td>StopSprinting</td><td>26</td><td>Sent when the player wants to stop sprinting, like releasing the forward input while sprinting.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::SPRINTING and an UpdateAttributesPacket clearing the sprint speed boost. </td></tr><tr><td>StartSneaking</td><td>27</td><td>Sent when the player wants to start sneaking like pressing shift.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::SNEAKING true if accepted, false if rejected, and a bounding box update. </td></tr><tr><td>StopSneaking</td><td>28</td><td>Sent when the player wants to stop sneaking like releasing shift.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::SNEAKING false if accepted, true if rejected, and a bounding box update. </td></tr><tr><td>StartSwimming</td><td>29</td><td>Sent when the player wants to enter swimming mode like pressing control while moving forward in water.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::SWIMMING set to true if accepted or false if rejected, and a bounding box update. </td></tr><tr><td>StopSwimming</td><td>30</td><td>Sent when the player wants to exit swimming mode like when releasing the forward input while swimming.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::SWIMMMING set to false if accepted or true if rejected, and a bounding box update. </td></tr><tr><td>StartJumping</td><td>31</td><td>Set on the tick that the client triggers a non-vehicle jump </td></tr><tr><td>StartGliding</td><td>32</td><td>Sent when the player wants to start elytra gliding like pressing spacebar in air.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::GLIDING true if accepted or false if rejected, and a bounding box update. </td></tr><tr><td>StopGliding</td><td>33</td><td>Sent when the player is elytra gliding but expects it to stop, like when touching the ground.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::GLIDING false if accepted or true if rejected, and a bounding box update. </td></tr><tr><td>PerformItemInteraction</td><td>34</td><td>Indicates that mItemUseTransaction will be written to the packet </td></tr><tr><td>PerformBlockActions</td><td>35</td><td>Indicates that mPlayerBlockActions will be written to the packet </td></tr><tr><td>PerformItemStackRequest</td><td>36</td><td>Indicates mItemStackRequest will be written to the packet </td></tr><tr><td>HandledTeleport</td><td>37</td><td>Used to inform the server that we have received a MovePlayerPacket causing a teleport, and re-enable client auth movement.
The server should ignore any client predicted positions from the moment a MovePlayerPacket was sent until receipt of this action. </td></tr><tr><td>Emoting</td><td>38</td><td>If the player is currently performing an emote, see EmotePacket </td></tr><tr><td>MissedSwing</td><td>39</td><td>Sent when client wants to play the arm swing animation like for left click.
Server is expected to broadcast a LevelSoundEventPacket with LevelSoundEvent::AttackNoDamage. </td></tr><tr><td>StartCrawling</td><td>40</td><td>Sent when the player is standing and thinks there is not enough space to stand.
Server is expected to respond with a SetActorDataPacket containing a bounding box update.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::CRAWLING set to true if accepted, or false if rejected. </td></tr><tr><td>StopCrawling</td><td>41</td><td>Sent when the player was crawling and thinks there is space to stand.
Server is expected to respond with a SetActorDataPacket containing a bounding box update.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket with ActorFlags::CRAWLING set to false if accepted, or true if rejected. </td></tr><tr><td>StartFlying</td><td>42</td><td>Sent when the player expects flight to be toggled on like double tap spacebar.
Server is expected to respond with an UpdateAbilitiesPacket to accept or reject this. </td></tr><tr><td>StopFlying</td><td>43</td><td>Sent when the player expects flight to be toggled off like double tap spacebar.
Server is expected to respond with an UpdateAbilitiesPacket to accept or reject this. </td></tr><tr><td>ClientAckServerData</td><td>44</td><td>Not sent when using server authoritative movement as specified in StartGamePacket </td></tr><tr><td>IsInClientPredictedVehicle</td><td>45</td><td>Used when the client sends input while in control of a client predicted vehicle. Aka, Horse and Boat.
If set, Vehicle Rotation and Client Predicted Vehicle will be written </td></tr><tr><td>PaddlingLeft</td><td>46</td><td>Player is in a boat and holding the paddle input.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket updates of the boat's ROW_TIME_LEFT
See Player Auth Input for further details </td></tr><tr><td>PaddlingRight</td><td>47</td><td>Player is in a boat and holding the paddle input.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket updates of the boat's ROW_TIME_RIGHT
See Player Auth Input for further details </td></tr><tr><td>BlockBreakingDelayEnabled</td><td>48</td><td>For touch input modes in creative, true if block destruction in the current mode should happen with a delay, and false if it should happen instantly.</td></tr><tr><td>HorizontalCollision</td><td>49</td><td>Set if the client predicted a horizontal collision. Used to factor in to client acceptance logic.
Can be used as a hint to the server or ignored based on desired strictness </td></tr><tr><td>VerticalCollision</td><td>50</td><td>Set if the client predicted a vertical collision. Used to factor in to client acceptance logic.
Can be used as a hint to the server or ignored based on desired strictness.
Strongly correlates with the 'on ground' state of the player </td></tr><tr><td>DownLeft</td><td>51</td><td>Local space diagonal down and left. Equivalent to move input (-1, -1) normalized. </td></tr><tr><td>DownRight</td><td>52</td><td>Local space diagonal down and right. Equivalent to move input (1, -1) normalized. </td></tr><tr><td>StartUsingItem</td><td>53</td><td>Set on ticks when the client predicted the beginning of an item use animation like raising arm for trident or drinking potion.
On this same tick will be an InventoryTransactionPacket of type ComplexInventoryTransaction::Type::ItemUseTransaction.
Server is expected to respond with SetActorDataPacket containing ActorFlags::USINGITEM true if they agree, otherwise false.</td></tr><tr><td>IsCameraRelativeMovementEnabled</td><td>54</td><td>This is part of an experimental feature, servers should ignore it. </td></tr><tr><td>IsRotControlledByMoveDirection</td><td>55</td><td>This is part of an experimental feature, servers should ignore it. </td></tr><tr><td>StartSpinAttack</td><td>56</td><td>Set on the tick that the client predicts a riptide spin attack starting, when PlayerActionType::StartSpinAttack is set in PlayerActionComponent.
and ActorFlags::DAMAGENEARBYMOBS set true in SetActorDataPacket </td></tr><tr><td>StopSpinAttack</td><td>57</td><td>Set on the tick that client thinks a riptide spin attack has ended, when PlayerActionType::StopSpinAttack is set in PlayerActionComponent
and ActorFlags::DAMAGENEARBYMOBS set false in SetActorDataPacket </td></tr><tr><td>IsHotbarOnlyTouch</td><td>58</td><td>Indicates if touch is only allowed in the touch bar and not in gameplay. </td></tr><tr><td>JumpReleasedRaw</td><td>59</td><td>This is whether or not the jump button was released since the last packet. 
This will be sent even if input permissions are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>JumpPressedRaw</td><td>60</td><td>This is whether or not the jump button was pressed since the last packet. 
This will be sent even if input permissions are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>JumpCurrentRaw</td><td>61</td><td>This is whether or not the jump button currently down. 
This will be sent even if input permissions are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>SneakReleasedRaw</td><td>62</td><td>This is whether or not the sneak button was released since the last packet. 
This will be sent even if input permissions are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>SneakPressedRaw</td><td>63</td><td>This is whether or not the sneak button was pressed since the last packet. 
This will be sent even if input permissions are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>SneakCurrentRaw</td><td>64</td><td>This is whether or not the sneak button currently down. 
This will be sent even if input permissions are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>INPUT_NUM</td><td>65</td><td>Unused </td></tr></table>